hello everyone this is TG lost profit on
youtube in battle strats dot-com doing
some transformers war for cybertron
escalation mode as a part 1 of 2 for the
different multiplayer modes and
transformers I'm going to be covering
today and there are two different maps
for escalation there is remnant and
there's broken hope broken hoping in
autobots only and remnant being
Decepticons only each map has it's
different Autobots like so as you can
see on the screen now bumble me iron
high jet fire up this prime ratchet
sideswipe silver bolt or path and our
see that it's only luck'll through
campaign and then for Decepticons we
have Megatron Soundwave breakdown raw
barricade Starscream skywarp
Thundercracker and slip stream which is
also unlocked through campaign I chose
to be Starscream because I hadn't gotten
the flight mechanics never really gave
it a try so figured why not try it now
and got I went in here alone not because
I didn't have any friends but because I
just wanted to give it a solo try
instead of having to get people together
and say okay what's good to try I just
want to get my first taste of it now
that's the first time I've ever given it
a try so it's going to probably end
quickly in fact it does end quickly so
this is remnant as you can probably see
by my knowledge i'm not sure if this is
a multiplayer map i just kind of jumped
in and i know if started by getting my
flight experience and my start seeing
some enemies some shielded looking
enemies and they don't seem to take any
damage from flying so i go back to my
original spawn and attempt to take them
out with my again with my like trying to
get more direct hits that doesn't seem
to work so i just transform back and i
just take them out with my gun
when they're pretty a don't take a lot
of ammo as you can see there are other
non shielded ones who pack more of a
punch I think the shielded ones are more
close quarters because they have these
kind of axes and weapons that very weird
but they also die easier so there's a
you know lots of the playing field here
you can see there are many many levels
Kassim jumping down from you know like
the rafters and stuff and I didn't feel
inclined to staying in one particular
place and I see these guys shooting me
from up above so I try to take them out
but it just doesn't seem to be working
especially with the jet so just kind of
you know chill here for a little bit and
then just kind of bolt and show how bad
of a pilot I really am take some damage
I see this little room over here and
this is where I learned that this is
more like nasty zombies from world at
war because you have to use the points
that you get by killing people to pay
for weapons and opening doors and so I
mean here I feel safe for the most part
you know kind of enclosed space and then
you know more let me start coming
through the doors and now i'm still
thinking I could take them out and then
there's some enemies jumping up from the
top so if you're going to sit chill in
this room on remnant I wouldn't
recommend it because as you can see this
guy's right on top of me literally right
on top of me and he takes out like 75
percent of my health fifty percent of
the maybe sixty six percent the help I
had remaining flying into this room and
leaves me in the red but um so I go just
basically running around in circles here
with hardly any ammo and last I mean the
wave and my health is slowly
regenerating which is good because I'll
had half a bar and now it's back to a
stable here I learn that you have to
hold X to pay for opening doors and
paying for ammo which is also a real
time waster especially if you were like
me and you didn't know that
so then I go over here with my 25 points
and learned that looking for the ammo
and there it is but I need 25 more
points and the new wave was about to
begin so I realized maybe I can get a
kill or two and then buying new ammo so
I get my kill get another kill and I
think I right here about here I decided
to go for smashing someone and it
doesn't work you can't kill people by
running into him so that was a drag but
you know got my first taste of
escalation and I hope that you learned
some lessons for me don't go charging in
people but um yeah that's escalation
mode and you know it seems pretty
promising I definitely recommend getting
more than one person in here but yeah
i'll be back with multiplayer coverage
soon so be on the lookout for that this
TG last prophet checking out